

Data Design:
 What data is your program really about?
 My programs data is mainly focus on storying user input and also allowing the user to change some input, for example when a task is assigned I want to store that, then when the task is completed I want to change it to refelect the completion.
What is the best way to represent that data? (database, object, arrays)
I am using arraylists to store and and ad to that data
Will the data need to be persistent? How will you make that happen?
There will be some aspects of the data that need to be persistent like what tasks are assigned to who, if they completed it or not, the amount of allowance they have and all this data ill be serialized. 
Will the data need to be aggregated into a larger structure? How
Each classs will use some sort of aggregation to implement certain features, for example the parent class will need to use the assign method from the task class and the Kid class will also need to use the view task method from the task class.

 For my Final Project I am making a Habit tracker, The intended user is anyone who would like to form a habit but has trouble reminding themselves/keeping track of time. The user will be able to get in and pick habits they want to add, I will have a few predefined habits that I know many people tend to want to increase/start doing, and will also allow the user to be able to create their own personal habit they can make it a habit that has a time frame with it like maybe 30 minutes a day, or a habit that is just a simple complete or incomplete. The user can chose times and days they want to be reminded to do the habits, and with that the user can see their progress either for only the day or for the entire week so if they just have a \'93checkmark\'94 habit goal then they would get a 100% for that goal, and if for another habit they had a 40minute goal but only completed 20minutes then that is 50% so those 2 together would give then a daily goal completion of 75%. The predefined habit Study allows the user to enter a topic or class name that they want to study for, how many minutes, and also an option to use a pomodoro timer, The discover habit allows the user to input a genre for a song and the program will select one new song the user can listen to and that will be a checkmark completion type, the read habit will have a book name, how many minutes they want to read, a reminder, and if the user doesn\'92t want to pick up any of those habits they can create a habit of their own which will have a name, how many minutes/checkmark, when they want to be reminded, and the option for a summary. All of these will come together into the last class which is called the Welcome class and in that class the user can chose a task to start on, they can add a habit, remove a habit if they finish it or dont want to keep doing it anymore, and they will also be able to edit a habit so if they thing the time they set for a habit is not longer attainable but they want to keep up the habit they can change it, and they can view a summary of all the habits, all of this will be sorted in an array list that will hold the name of the habit its completion rate for the day, then the cumulative completion rate for all the habits, and a weekly habit rate so the user can check their progress as they go. }